# Zero Company

## Table of Contents

- [Mission](#mission)
- [Roles](#roles)
- [Services Based on Role](#services-based-on-role)
- [Services Implementation](#services-implementation)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)

## Mission

Zero Company helps early-stage startups organize their business operations by reintroducing and adapting corporate practices to the pre-investment phase.

## Roles

This section covers the roles that will be catered to on the Zero Company platform:

- **Startup Companies** — Teams or individuals developing a startup.
- **Collaborators** — People looking to join a project under development:
  - **Co-founders** — Joining long-term for a share in the future business.
  - **Interns** — Joining long-term to gain experience and build their portfolios.
  - **Contributors** — Joining short-term for compensation from future income.
- **Angels** — Individuals, companies, or funds seeking to discover promising projects, as well as volunteer experts.

## Services Based on Role

This section covers the needs the Zero Company platform addresses for each of the determined roles.

### Startup Companies

- **Distributing Shares** between co-founders in a legally binding way.
- **Resolving Disputes and Standstills** through procedures covered in the founding agreement.
- **Finding Contributors** through a zero marketplace.

### Collaborators

- **Searching for Projects** through a zero marketplace.
- **Determining the Quality of a Project** through mechanisms of compliance, endorsements, and recommendations.
- **Guarantee of Compensation** through the mechanism of digitally signed agreements.

### Angels

- **Project Discovery** through mechanisms of patronage, endorsements, and recommendations.

## Services Implementation

- **Virtual Company** — Mutually controlled by co-founders, it helps them manage their shares, make formal decisions, and involve contributors.
- **Marketplace** — Allows startup companies to post positions with different compensation terms, and collaborators to find companies based on search criteria, compliance, endorsements, and recommendations.
- **Patronage, Endorsements, and Recommendations** — Allows startup companies to seek patronage, endorsements, and recommendations from angels to improve their internal business processes and increase their attractiveness to collaborators.
- **Legal Agreements** — Generated by the Zero Company platform:
  - **Founding Agreement**
  - **CLA**
  - **IP Agreement**
  - **NDA**
- **Digital Signature** — Allows users of the platform to mutually sign legally binding agreements.

## Tech Stack

- **API Server**
  - Node.js
  - Express
  - MongoDB
  - Redis
  - Auth0
  - Cloudinary
  - Postman
- **Frontend Application**
  - Next.js
  - Redux
- **Common**
  - DocuSeal
  - JWT
  - Jest
  - TypeScript
